[DM-3707]: Announcement for AngularJS obsolete removals. (#2911)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1021-0-0-removed-obsolete-angularjs-components.md

---
date: 2025-02-07
title: Removed obsolete AngularJS components
product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-inv-3bw8e
    label: Announcement
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3707
version: 1021.0.0
---

> As part of our ongoing improvements , we have in a previous version removed several legacy components related to **configuration management, device list handling, and column configuration**. These changes impact outdated services, directives, and templates that have either been **migrated to Angular or deprecated** due to lack of usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of our ongoing improvement efforts, in a previous version, we have removed several legacy components related to configuration management, device list handling, and column configuration. These changes impact outdated services, directives, and templates that have either been migrated to Angular or deprecated due to lack of usage.
```

* **Configuration Repository**: The entire module, including its service, controllers, tests, and UI templates, has been **removed** – now **moved to Angular**.
* **Configurable Device List Columns**: Services, constants, directives, and modal components related to column customization have been **removed** – now **moved to Angular**.
* **Device List Handling**: Controllers, directives, and configuration files related to device listings have been **removed** – now **moved to Angular**.

> * **Device Details & Availability**: Several templates and directives managing **device details, availability, group selection, firmware, hardware, and network information** were **removed** – **no longer used**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Device Details & Availability**: Several templates and directives managing device details, availability, group selection, firmware, hardware, and network information have been **removed** – **no longer used**.
```
